Update GitHub issue handling flow (#5635)
emqx/emqx: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug-report.md

name: Bug Report
about: Create a report to help us improve
title: ''

> labels: "Support, needs-triage"

Reviewer: not sure if we should keep the `Support` label

Author: I will remove it.

---

<!-- Please use this template while reporting a bug and provide as much info as possible. Thanks!-->
<!-- 请使用英文描述问题 -->
<!-- Note, lacking of information will delay the handling of issue
     See our github issue handling flow here:
     https://github.com/emqx/emqx/blob/master/.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/asserts/issue-handling.png
-->

### Subject of the issue
Describe your issue here.

### Your environment

> - EMQ X version (e.g. `emqx_ctl status`): 

Reviewer: For EMQ X 4.3 or newer, please provide the log archive generated by [node_dump tool](https://github.com/emqx/emqx/blob/master/bin/node_dump) 

Otherwise please provide below info:

- Hardware configuration (e.g. `lscpu`):
- OS (e.g. `cat /etc/os-release`):
- Kernel (e.g. `uname -a`):
- Erlang/OTP version (in case you build emqx from source code): 
- Others:

### Steps to reproduce
Tell us how to reproduce this issue. 

> It would be great if you can attach the log archive generated by [node_dump tool](https://github.com/emqx/emqx/blob/master/bin/node_dump) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For EMQ X 4.3 or newer, please provide the node dump by [node_dump tool](https://github.com/emqx/emqx/blob/master/bin/node_dump) 

```

> It would be great if you can attach the log archive generated by [node_dump tool](https://github.com/emqx/emqx/blob/master/bin/node_dump) 

Reviewer: as suggested above, maybe to move this up to "your enviornment" section

### Expected behaviour

> Tell us what should happen

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please describe the expected behaviour
```

Author: I will keep the original one since it `Please describe the expected behaviour` feels the same as the title "Expected behaviour"

btw, I borrow it from 
https://github.com/angular-translate/angular-translate/blob/master/.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE.md
